The Game:

Basically what happens is that the player will be given a map, with different obstacles that need to be avoided
and other objects that can be manipulated in order to grow enough flowers to solve the level. With this, the player
will be able to begin the growth of tree and specify the starting angle of the tree. The player will then be able
to cut different branches off the tree in order to shape the tree in the direction the player wants to go in order
to solve the puzzle. This game also has within it, a level editor, so that a player could create their own
levels that could then be played.

When growing the tree, should it contact the map, that branch will break off and that branch will not continue to
grow. Different areas of the map may contain areas which are colored red, in contrast to the black map, which, if
the branches were to contact this red area, the branches would become diseased and that disease would spread
throughout the tree. Once the tree has been completely infected, it is dead and the player must restart the level.
The tree's growth can also be affected by the presence of wind which is randomly generated for each level.

UI:

The first thing that greets the user is a pleasent and relaxing piece of music that loops while the game is open.
This, along with a calming color pallet, sets the mood for a relaxing game and adds to its immersion

Since the premise of this game is not necessarily well known, this game contains many help screens which
aids the user in understanding game mechanics and how to use the level editor.

The main screen has a few options: start, help, the editor, and level selection. On the main screen is also
a randomly generated tree which grows, and as it is filled with flowers, it changes the color of the text for
each button. This makes the main screen not only active, but it gives an idea of what is happening in the game
for those who do not understand it already.

Help Screens:
The two help screens that are supplied are very in depth and allow players to look back at them regularily if
they feel as though they need a refresher



